---
id: e4766ff2-469f-4d33-8a8a-065fefed1ae4
blueprint: news
title: 'Ten more sleeping places needed'
author:
  - 8c7ebfc4-94cb-4f6f-bcea-fa48faf79a68
featured_image:
  - walktowceu-frozen-grass-and-sunrise.jpg
updated_by: 8c7ebfc4-94cb-4f6f-bcea-fa48faf79a68
updated_at: 1679129604
---
Today is January 23rd, it'a bit chilly and snowy in The Netherlands and I have some good news.

Today I have received an offer for a place to sleep in Hannover, and I have received confirmation that [Luc Princen](https://lucp.nl/) has booked a hotel (two separate rooms) for my stay in Bad Bentheim. Thanks! 🙏

10 places left
--------------

I still need 10 places to sleep along my route, so if you could please help, that would be highly appreciated. Please share [this](/route/) page on your preferred social network.

Vlogging
--------

I have recorded two vlogs. Both recorded with my phone. On the last training I used a gimbal ([this one](https://www.zhiyun-tech.com/smooth4)) to create steady footage. Well that working, except for the sound. It was kinda windy, and all there is to hear on the footage is wind noise. So I ordered a microphone with a wind cap that will make it possible to create crispy recordings, both in sounds and image. Hope my sponsors (yeah, [still looking](https://walktowc.eu/2018/09/18/call-for-sponsors/) for those) will appreciate this.

Training
--------

I have done seven training sessions. Which all have gone well. No pain, no blisters. So, I 'm happy about that. 💪

Next weekend I'm going for my eighth training hike, and in the second weekend in February I will do training sessions on Saturday and Sunday. That will be the first time I'm going to walk 30km per day on two consecutive days. Really looking forward to that to see if my legs and feet are going to like it.